# Travel-app

## Intro

Hi When I started this project I was dreaming about an app that would be the best friend of any traveler. An app where you could meet travellers standing nearby you, where you could posts every pictures and precising on a map where you took it, where you could share all your trips on a personal map (precise great hostels, great experiences, the cost of life, ...), where you could plan a trip and thanks to the data provided by the users a perfect trip would have been proposed in function of your style of trip (great roads to ride, great beaches to surf, great luxury hotels to stand, ... And warning you about the visa you need at the border in function of your nationality), where you could buy your plane's tickets, where you could book your hostels and hotels and even some links to your ambassy to get the visa you need and even an app where you could save your important papers in one securised place.

Well, this is the version I developped during this last month. And I know it is far from the version I was dreaming about.
You need Node and a text editor to host this app on your computer

## How to get the project from GitHub:

In order to get all the files, you need to clone this repository from this link: [Repository GitHub](https://github.com/HadrienSmet/travel-app)

When you are standing on the right directory in your terminal, writte those lines:

```
git init
git clone https://github.com/HadrienSmet/travel-app.git
```

- The first line will turn your directory into a Github repository.
- The second line will copy every directories and files from the GitHub repository.

## Follow those steps to make this project work:

### 1. Create a file inside this project and call it: "_.env_".

- Inside this file you have to writte those two lines:
    ```
     REACT_APP_API_URL=$<UrlOfApi>
     REACT_APP_ADMIN_ID=$<IdOfAdmin>
    ```
- The first constant refers to the url of the API example : http://localhost:3000/
- The second one refers to the id of the admin and wich is auto-generated by mongoDB when you create the admin account. You just have to copy it inside the file.

### 2. Install all the libraries necessary for this project.

- When you are standing on this project, on your terminal, writte one of those this line:
    ```
     npm install
     yarn install
     pnpm install
    ```

### 3. Launch the client! :grinning:

-Run `npm run dev` to launch your app locally during the development phase.
-Run `npm run build` to build your app for the production phase.

I hope that everything worked fine for you have a good day :innocent:
